Elle it's for the way you look at me o
is for T hi my name is Kym McCusker and
welcome to cooking with Kim where we
save you time and money in the kitchen
because everything we make breakfasts
lunches dinners sweet treats is all made
with just four or fewer ingredients and
today I have a beautiful special guest a
newly turned teenager 13 years old oh my
gosh they're so tall you guys are so
tall these days this is my best friend's
daughter Georgia dau known Georgie all
her life and they were coming to town so
I thought I knew what George's favorite
recipe was what would that be Georgia um
chocolate slide chocolate slice
chocolate balls chocolate truffles
chocolate with anything yeah we should
probably try dunking Brussels sprouts in
chocolate tea reckon kids would eat it
more if we did that yeah probably
wouldn't hurt so a chocolate slice with
just four ingredients I really like this
one Georgie because you don't even have
to turn on an oven so what Georgian I've
just done is melted on 380 gram bag of
chocolate so we just popped it into a
heat-resistant bowl and then into our
microwave and we disturbed it and
checked it every 30 seconds didn't we
yeah so - that Jordi we want to add can
you add for me please Dale the butter
we've got nine tablespoons of butter
melted butter and then our third
ingredient is ten tablespoons of peanut
butter do you like peanut butter yeah
it's really quite tasty it is isn't it
it's quite versatile peanut butter you
can do peanut we've done peanut butter
cookies before haven't we where you just
need the peanut butter the brown sugar
and an egg and they're really nice
peanut butter but my favorite Baskin and
Robin ice cream is chocolate and peanut
butter
so yummy and so George is just stirring
those mixing those two together and then
the fourth ingredient we just took a bag
of sweet dry biscuits and these ones
were just arrowroot biscuits and we're
just going to mix it all together and
then pop it into a baking tray this is a
really simple easy super-duper delicious
chocolate slice made with just four
ingredients back alright so you can see
Jordie just lift it up and drizzle it
can you drizzle it so everyone can sort
of see the consistency so it's really
nice and thick isn't it so we'll pour
that over our biscuits and then get your
muscles into it Georgie's Inigo that's
it our chocolates lives so all we're
going to do now is pour this into our
paper lined baking tray and then pop it
in your fridge for just 20 minutes and
cut into the slices you think your
family might like to eat now my slice is
ready now all I have to do is slice it
up tada
our slice is ready for more join us on
Facebook of four ingredients
we were both young when I first saw you
I close my eyes and the flashback starts
I'm standing there on a balcony son
see